Steve: Hi, it’s Steve from PartSelect.
Today we are going to show you how to change
the door light switch on your refrigerator.
It’s a pretty easy job, all we are going
to need is either a putty knife or a small
flat blade screw driver and a pair of needle
nose pliers.
Let me show you how we do it.
Now the first step in this repair, since we
will be working around some live electrical
circuits, will be to disconnect the power.
So simply pull the plug from the receptacle,
now there are two switches for this refrigerator,
one for the freezer side and one for the refrigerator
side.
And they are both identical.
It’s just a rocker type switch and on the
side closest to the rocker there will be a
locking tab that has a little bit of spring
to it.
On the other side there is just ribbed portion
there that will catch on the cabinet.
So we are going to loosen them from the flexible
tab side.
Now using either a putty knife or a small
blade, we are pulling from the side it’s
closest to the rocker.
Just pop that out a little bit, when we go
to the opposite side just pry it out to clear
those ribs.
Then we will be pressing that flexible side,
we will rotate the switch to the left and
you can rotate the switch right out of the
opening and there will be two wire terminals
that will attach to that switch.
You may need a pair of needle nose pliers
just to remove those.
We will take our new switch, reconnect the
wire harnesses, and we will rotate it back
into the opening, ensure sure that we have
the rocker in the proper position with the
flexible tab towards the right.
We will check the operation of the switch;
we will reconnect the power to the refrigerator.
And we see that the light switch now works.
And our repair is complete.
We told you it was an easy job.
Thanks for watching and good luck with your
repair.